README.md, before:

# Availability:

## Prerequests:
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
OR
- 'source .\venv\activate'

## How To Format `.env` file:
- Create a file called `.env`
- In it should be the following:

- In between the ' ' you need to add your own token
- You do not need the text or the ''
```
#Google API Creds:
Client_ID = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.apps.googleusercontent.com'
Client_Secret = 'GOXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
red_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'
amber_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'
green_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'


```

### To Run App:
- `python flask_app.py`


## Future:
[Read this TODO File to see what I plan to do in the future](TODO)

## Colour Code Explanations

This may not mean the entire time entered, it may only be part of it - for more accurate results please narrow the start/end times.

- If The Light Is Green (The Bottom One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Free To Talk / Message.
- If The Light Is Amber (The Middle One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Free To Message & Can Only Be Called If An Emergency.
- If The Light Is Red (The Top One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Unable To Talk / Message.

Commit message:

Uses Env Vars, instead of .env file

README.md, after:

# Availability:

## Prerequests:
- `pip install -r requirements.txt`
OR
- 'source .\venv\activate'

## How To Format `ENV Vars` file:
- These should be set in your hosting / locally.

- In between the ' ' you need to add your own token
- You do not need the text or the ''
```
#Google API Creds:
Client_ID = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX.apps.googleusercontent.com'
Client_Secret = 'GOXXXX-XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX'
red_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'
amber_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'
green_calendar_id = 'XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX@group.calendar.google.com'


```

### To Run App:
- `python flask_app.py`


## Future:
[Read this TODO File to see what I plan to do in the future](TODO)

## Colour Code Explanations

This may not mean the entire time entered, it may only be part of it - for more accurate results please narrow the start/end times.

- If The Light Is Green (The Bottom One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Free To Talk / Message.
- If The Light Is Amber (The Middle One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Free To Message & Can Only Be Called If An Emergency.
- If The Light Is Red (The Top One) - Then CryptoidCoder Is Unable To Talk / Message.
